Prep for Awesome AZD (#23)
Azure-Samples/azure-django-postgres-aca: README.md

# Deploy a Django Application via Azure Container Apps

> This project will walkthrough the steps to deploy a Django application to Azure Container Apps. The Django application is a simple web application for a space travel agency. The application is built using the Django web framework and uses a PostgreSQL database. The application can be deployed to Azure using  [Azure Developer CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/overview). With the command `azd up`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project will walk through the steps to deploy a Django application to Azure Container Apps. The Django application is a simple web application for a space travel agency. The application is built using the Django web framework and uses a PostgreSQL database. The application can be deployed to Azure using the [Azure Developer CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/overview) with the command `azd up`.
```

![Visualization of Application](assets/bicep-visualization.png)

## Prerequisites

You'll need a GitHub account. If you don't have a GitHub account, create a [free account](https://github.com/signup)

> If you're using VS Code we recommend that you develop in a dev container. This will ensure that you have all the tools you need to build and run the application. You will need docker installed and running. To learn more about dev containers, see [Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using VS Code, we recommend that you develop in a Dev Container. This will ensure that you have all the tools you need to build and run the application. You will need Docker installed and running. To learn more about dev containers, see [Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers).
```
